The company is engaged in the development of software products and educational products withing the IT industry. It's profile chiefly revolves around educational gaming. Combined with support from the Agency for Strategic Initiatives(ASI, Russia), the company was able to host the Open Championship on game programming and game design.

The founders of the company have been professionally teaching programming since 2009. Throughout this period of time there were held 4 international programming schools for university students for the World Programming Championship preparation among the students of ACM ICPC. 2 programming schools were also held for school students along with 6 game programming tournaments for schoolchildren aged 10 to 17 years.
Since 2015 company's main product - S***Bot game platform - is being used for holding the regional stage of the All-Russian Olympiad for schoolchildren in computer science, thus contributing to a 10-fold increase in the number of participants from 5th and 6th grades in Se******ol (from 60 to 600+ participants).
As stated earlier, S***Bot game platform is the company's main technological product. It allows for a in-person and remote hosting of programming courses, holding of professional masterclasses, scientific quests and engineering competitions. The platform makes it possible for the students, who are not familiar with programming languages, to take part in a series of competitions. The platform and products based on it received the following awards and achievements: 1st place in the contest "UMNIK", 3rd place in the "Startup tour" competition, 1st place in the competition "Startup-frigate", 1st place in the ASI-hosted contest named "My country - my Russia", nominated for "New pedagogical initiatives for STI", 1st place in "Rodnaya Gavan" contest. Company has passed the pre-certification GenerationS (Russian Venture Company) and the IIDF (Internet Initiatives Development Fund). Company is also partaking in the business accelerator programs, hosted by GenerationS and IIDF (11th season). Project S***Bot is supported by the Agency for Strategic Initiatives and is a finalee of the START 2017 competition.
